1. Why quantitative finance?
Ans This question can be answered in three sections:
    1. What is Quantitative Finance ?
    2. What is the use of Quantitative Finance ?
    3. What is the future of Quantitative Finance ?
    
    1.Quantitative finance is the use of mathematical models and extremely large datasets to analyze financial markets and securities. It requires understanding of Algorithms, Linear Algebra, Calculus, Statistical modeling & Probability. Primary application of Quantitative Finance is in Derivatives Pricing and Risk Management. Quantitative Finance is often confused with
    Quantitative Finance vs Financial Engineering : Quantitative finance only focuses on statistical modeling or planning(on layman terms) but financial engineering also focuses on the application and implementation of these models. It is combination of finance and computer science domains, here the employer might be expecting a stable deliverable product.
    
    2. Quantitative finance is primarly used in banking sector and stock markets. The professionals who follow this domain are known as Quantitaive analyst or Quants. These people are specialists who applies mathematical and statistical methods to financial and risk management problems. S/he develops and implements complex models used by firms to make financial and business decisions about issues such as investments, pricing and so on. In stock markets or private firms most of the work is based on regression problems to predict the next price or accet value. Many techniques have developed over the years to make quantitative finance more accurate and efficient.
    
    3. Due to a sudden decrease in internet prices all over the world, information is available to people at cheap prices. Now anyone can understand the working of stock market by the comfort of their homes. Boom in cryptocurrency (bitcoins) also made a huge impact in making society shift towards stock markets and other banking schemes. All of these indicates about the huge demand for quantitative specialist in near future as the demand for these professionals has already began.
    
    Summary: All of these points are the reason I want to join this domain. In India due to jio there is a large market of people trying to sell and buy online. My interest in Mathematics and Statistics and my domain of Computer Science and Engineeing gives me a big push forward to go for Quant as a career option. This field is predicted to have a massive growth in future , in the end i would like to say when the prices of gold rises, its not only the gold but goldsmith become valuable as well.